Update wpf-xaml-browser-applications-overview.md (#1547)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/app-development/wpf-xaml-browser-applications-overview.md

# WPF XAML Browser Applications Overview

<a name="introduction"></a>
XAML browser applications (XBAPs) combines features of both Web applications and rich-client applications. Like Web applications, XBAPs can be deployed to a Web server and started from Internet Explorer or Firefox on Windows. Like rich-client applications, XBAPs can take advantage of the capabilities of WPF. Developing XBAPs is also similar to rich-client development. This topic provides a simple, high-level introduction to XBAP development and describes where XBAP development differs from standard rich-client development.

>[!IMPORTANT]

> > XBAPs require legacy browsers to operate, such as Internet Explorer and Firefox. These older browsers are usually unsupported on Windows 10 and Windows 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> XBAPs require legacy browsers to operate, such as Internet Explorer and Firefox. These older browser versions are usually unsupported on Windows 10 and Windows 11.
```

# WPF XAML Browser Applications Overview

<a name="introduction"></a>

> XAML browser applications (XBAPs) combines features of both Web applications and rich-client applications. Like Web applications, XBAPs can be deployed to a Web server and started from Internet Explorer Desktop Application or Firefox Desktop Application. Like rich-client applications, XBAPs can take advantage of the capabilities of WPF. Developing XBAPs is also similar to rich-client development. This topic provides a simple, high-level introduction to XBAP development and describes where XBAP development differs from standard rich-client development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XAML browser applications (XBAPs) combines features of both Web applications and rich-client applications. Like Web applications, XBAPs can be deployed to a Web server and started from Internet Explorer or Firefox on Windows. Like rich-client applications, XBAPs can take advantage of the capabilities of WPF. Developing XBAPs is also similar to rich-client development. This topic provides a simple, high-level introduction to XBAP development and describes where XBAP development differs from standard rich-client development.

>[!IMPORTANT]
> XBAPs require legacy browsers to operate, such as Internet Explorer and Firefox. These older browsers are usually unsupported on Windows 10 and Windows 11.
```

Reviewer 2: That is even better!  I really like the "important" note, it spells out the reality rather concisely.
